Update README.md (#975)
codetheweb/muse: README.md

- `DISCORD_TOKEN` can be acquired [here](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications) by creating a 'New Application', then going to 'Bot'.
- `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID` and `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET` can be acquired [here](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications) with 'Create a Client ID'.
- `YOUTUBE_API_KEY` can be acquired by [creating a new project](https://console.developers.google.com) in Google's Developer Console, enabling the YouTube API, and creating an API key under credentials.

> - ImportantNotice - Even if you don't plan to use spotify , create a free account on spotify and get a client ID and secret , other wise the bot could crash out after a few mins 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Even if you don't plan on using Spotify, you must still provide the client ID and secret; otherwise Muse will not function.
```

- `DISCORD_TOKEN` can be acquired [here](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications) by creating a 'New Application', then going to 'Bot'.
- `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID` and `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET` can be acquired [here](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications) with 'Create a Client ID'.
- `YOUTUBE_API_KEY` can be acquired by [creating a new project](https://console.developers.google.com) in Google's Developer Console, enabling the YouTube API, and creating an API key under credentials.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!WARNING]
```
